and yeah we voted to fire chopper yeah
Eddie said it was unanimous so maybe you
could provide a yeah you're 100 percent
way so I'm talking okay so this is the
last event for you yeah okay well it is
day one of the NA LCS finals in Miami
I'm joined right now by riot chopper who
the last time we spoke was on hotline
League before that talking about the
announcements episode events and now
here we are at it full sir yeah full
circle so talk to me a little bit about
how the events going so far how you feel
about it just sort of how everything
looks sure we have been incredibly
excited to be here we've been looking
forward to coming down to these fans and
they have a hundred fanta livered for
those of you guys watching on stream
hopefully you can hear the crowd they've
been incredible when afro came out got
the MVP I mean the crowd was on their
feet you know we've had fans for all of
the teams here the jerseys are selling
out and people are wearing and proudly
in this Stadium you know we've got Rick
Fox going crazy after game on a game two
so it's been you know it's been
everything we've hoped it would it's
been an awesome day so far yeah one
thing that I've noticed wandering around
as it feels like you guys are doing more
for to sort of make a lot of people to
enjoy the outside experience of not just
like sitting in the chairs and watching
but also like we're currently filming
this inside an arcade that's all built
around like the end of Legends arcade
game that is vice squad yeah Damacio
vice squad yeah you know we wanted to
kind of enhance the experience of
working with different ways to do it you
know we know that the fans don't want to
just show up and just see a match or
just go ahead and buy merch and then
take the seat for five hours we want to
kind of make the experience feel a
little bit more dynamic and so whether
that's through doing the fan
interactions you know where guys can get
shots with hundred eaves and getting
liquid today which other the pregame
kind of activations we had out of Milan
out there or even just like you know
walking up and being able to take a shot
with with Rick Fox in the crowd we want
the place to look and feel like you know
a cohesive League of Legends event
you're not going to a show you're not
going to a concert you're not gonna be
in your seat the whole time like we've
got people excited to be here we want
the field be dynamic where people to be
kind of up and have that energy because
then that's what translates into the
game and so when you know people are
excited to be here when they're you know
they're passionate and they feel good
they're gonna translate that energy into
fandom and you know that's what I've
seen through the first couple games in
here I mean what it feels like even
outside of just the event like you guys
did the dive in a bar which I don't have
some technical issues but it feels like
there's so much going on is this is this
a template that you hope to reproduce at
future events or is it like unique
because this is Miami and Miami has such
like a distinct aesthetic that you can
kind of do unique stuff around it you
know I'd say this is I wouldn't
necessarily want to follow for each
event because each event feels different
and you know each each city and
community we're gonna go into is
different I think you know when we
talked at the beginning of the split
about why Miami and why the film or a
lot of the questions centered around the
venue and it was you know it feels small
are we gonna be able to pull this off
but part of what we wanted to do a part
of it we knew we kind of had in the bag
was the backdrop of Miami yeah and so
being able to come and being able to do
things like do the dive live and get
some of the shots that we had with the
guys and be able to kind of trick out
the whole venue and make it feel like
this cool Miami you know demacia Vice
theme we're all advantages that we have
because it's a subjective telling
community in such a confined region if
we constrain themselves to saying where
can we go that has a basketball arena
that we could fill who wouldn't be here
and so for us this is what this spring
split kind of different intimate event
feel is supposed to pay office it's
supposed to bring the fans a little bit
closer than the event
we we simply can't do one where you have
18,000 fans coming in to fill massive
square gardens at the Staples Center but
when it's 2,000 3,000 5,000 fans on-site
we've a lot more flexibility what we can
do it we can do you know the sign
activations and a lot of the player
activation so for us this is you know a
little experimentation but I would say
that that from the payoff we've seen so
far this kind of flexibility something
we certainly want to continue doing
Thanks one thing that is interesting and
I think it's kind of gone out there but
obviously it's not part of like the
public conversation around this event
you guys actually had an owners
conference in town as well so no bus
guys talk to me a little bit about that
so I don't know how much you can talk
about that but maybe you can for those
that don't know like maybe give it a
little bit of context for what that is
sure so now that we're in a franchise
system we obviously have a group of
partner owners who are going to be
working with us for the long haul as
such we have a series of conferences
that we do over the course of the year
so we had one earlier in the year riot
we wanted to do another one here you
know we're gonna do another one around
send me for the summer finals and it was
to close out the year do you think it's
important to get everyone in the same
room be able to look each other in the
eye and talk through some of the tough
choices we're gonna make about where
this league should go and it's it's
incredibly compelling that we have
owners who are so passionate about what
we want to go but also so aligned with
us in the direction we want to go you
know historically it's been difficult to
align the incentives of both team and
riot where I want to build a league for
the long haul teams wanted to survive
for the short term and in a promotional
relegation system that was difficult and
that had to be their focus now that
everyone's focused on the longer term er
actually you want to have some really
compelling conversations around things
like the future of the economy league
whether or not we think about
geolocation you know how can we kind of
improve the marketing of the league what
should we do about sales and
sponsorships between team and riot
inventory what is you know team
merchandise all look like there's so
many component Opik so we can work with
that we've actually split into
committees and so the committees meet
pretty regularly but we want to get
everybody together in the same room for
kind of a look back on how the spring
split when kind of
you know an opportunity to talk through
some of the challenges or working for
the community level and really just kind
of an opportunity to celebrate the end
of the spring split and a great start to
franchise so speaking of some of the
tough choices you guys have to make I
was speaking with Nick Allen who is a
former right employee worked alongside
you but now heads up all the CLG stuff
he was telling me that there are some
votes that took place and I asked him if
he could give me an example of one he
mentioned that there was a vote to fire
you and that was unanimous among all the
owners this is the only thing he told me
said yeah we voted to fire chopper yeah
Eddie said it was unanimous so maybe you
could provide a yeah you're 100 percent
way talking okay so this is the last
event for you yeah this event we were we
were voting on a couple things kind of
around certain initiatives around
academy League and kind of how we want
to think about you know different
broadcast opportunities there and we'll
have kind of more to come an
announcement on that pretty soon we also
want to kind of talk about different
ways that you know certain policies
within the league around you know the
relationship between league team and
players that requires kind of a
collective buying to change the current
status quo so you know it was it was
good to kind of see the mechanism
working our first kickoff meeting that
we had back in February was was really
just that it was a kickoff to the
process this was the first time that it
sort of paid off were able to get
everyone in the same room and make some
collective decision to really kind of
drive forward on top of that so to be
clear Nick cannot initiate a vote to
fire you they could not initially about
to fire he can fire people on CLG he was
a little intoxicated when he told me
this so maybe he had a misunderstanding
of what happened at the event I don't
know yeah it wouldn't surprise their
Miami I've seen a lot of alcohol flowing
of all we've been here's I think a lot
of the people attending at a pretty good
time yeah yeah all right so you got the
owners conference so what's next I mean
obviously emicida that's less your team
and it's less of a thing for any owner
so it I don't know what that means for
you and sort of what
what happens after this event for you
yeah not a ton for sort of my team
working directly on na LCS so for us
it's kind of you know celebrate the big
wing that we had here and then and then
back to the drawing board for summer you
know I think there's a lot of things
that we learned in spring you know we
had to make a couple pivots around
starting time and sort of the way that
we do the broadcasts I think if there's
a lot of evolutions we can make content
you know including piloting some new
programs and sort of tweaking some other
ones they've been pretty successful so
for us it's you know it's go back it's
time to kind of figure out what we're
doing for the summer split they're ready
for that get ready for rift rivals which
will be obviously very involved with and
you know just kind of put together the
rest of you yeah and really quickly just
looking back on spring split since I
know that you guys are kind of looking
at changing things and a lot of
differences there maybe you can tell me
something that you thought was like a
win that you're really proud of from
spring split and then maybe something
that you you think you'd like to see
improve for summer I think some of the
content that we put out this year it's
been a great win I mean even though it's
unnecessary I think things like the dive
and this or that and the Penta I think
have all been have all kind of grown
into there they're sort of there feel
like they know what they're about they
have a cohesive voice and kind of they
have a message of the trying to put out
to the community so to me that's been
really compelling content in it in a way
that we have really done good serialized
content before you know it's it's often
been left to kind of the third party
ecosystem I mean guys like you to put
out great serious content and while you
guys are still doing great serialize
content I'm sad I wasn't able to come
and crash here while you guys are still
doing good to us content we need to be a
partner and so I've been kind of proud
of our content team and the work that
they've done there
I think in terms of one thing that I'm I
would say I'm glad that we changed I
guess would be the start time I think
moving some days back up why is it you
doing for everybody you know I think we
still have some question
around how do we kind of tie in our
broadcast of the EU broadcast better on
Saturdays and and perhaps figure out
what an optimal leaving it looks like
for something when we don't have a
leader kind of coming on so I think we
kind of have a little bit more to do
there to make sure that we're we're
attracting the audience that wants to
watch out so yes I'm making sure they
know but I think we have some support
yeah you mentioned content by the way
one thing which I'm sure I just slipped
at the countdown I think has been a huge
success
yeah I really really enjoyed that so
yeah I was I was excited when the guys
talked about it because you know having
been a judicial sports man for a long
time I think a lot of the times when you
see analyst desks or sort of groups of
commentators sort of really come
together you know mostly sitting I think
you think of the MBA with a lot of those
desks I think it started to develop a
voice and they start developing banter
you know we it wasn't really there in
the first couple weeks and then you
started to see it kind of settle in as
you know Jack marking so I'm really
excited to see what they can do for
summer and kind of for me they've been
taking some risks they've been able to
introduce some elements I think some of
the over unders they've done have been
great for tying the audience to you know
interesting elements to watch more than
just the penalty of gold members and
they've been doing a good job so yeah
I'm really excited to see kind of what
new sword lines it will pick up for the
song
well they games are games a continuing
on I know we want to get back to that
and we forgot our tripod so bro the
suspend hand holding this is getting
tight so thank you so much yeah that's
true I thank you so much for the
interview thanks I mean the events been
really fun so far silicon force well
we're hoping for a great show tomorrow
too so much more to come yeah well
thanks to everyone watching and thanks
so much to all new slash for sponsoring
forever else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things esports
right here on my youtube channel
listen I really need to get better about
planning stuff because I'm in an uber
right now bro and I forgot to fill my
outros I actually don't know any of
these people this is a we its budget so
we just we do the uber thing where you
actually share the ride with strangers
and so they're very confused by what's
happening but this is all brought to you
by Omni slash so thank you so much Omni
/
and be sure to subscribe for more
interviews